This document details the thought process behind making the move_check() and
the move() function.

Points to considerate:
1 - We only have to check eating when a new piece is put on the board.
2 - A single stone is a group of one stone.
3 - When eating a group of stones, the stone that is placed to conlcude the
eating must be in contact with a part of said group.
4 - The rule of repetition prohibits a move that leaves the board in the state
of the previous turn. This rule avoids infinite repetition.
5 - A single move can eat up to 4 groups of stones
6 - A move that results on enemy stones being eaten won't result in one's own
stone being eaten

Possible actions:
1 - Call the moveCheck() function before confirming that a stone was placed.
This way we can also detect if the move is illegal* and refuse the allow it.
2 - Treat the whole group as a single stone.
3 - Only check the groups that are in contact with the stone that was placed.
4 - Record the previous state and make a check at the end of the move to compare
the new state with the state that was recorded as previous.

Implementation details:
0 - The main game loop, variables and functions will be transformed into a class
1 - The move() function will call move_check() as it first action.
2 - Move check will return three values, a boolean defining if the move is
allowed, a list detailing all the stones that are to be removed(if the list is
empty no element will be deleted).
3 - There will be a createGroup() function that will act recursively.
4 - At the end a copy of the board will be stored as a variable on the game
object to be used for checking the repetition rule.
5 - The createGroup() function will return two lists made of a list containg
enemy groups and the player group.
6 - The create group must only take stones indepently of the color on it's first
call. After that it will only take stones of the same color.
7 - A Group class will be implemented, it will contain the locations of the
stones in it, the color of the group, and the group absolute freedom(this is
what determines if the group gets eaten).
8 - It will be checked fist if enemy grops were captured and return True so we
don't have to check the player group as it is not nessesary.

*Illegal moves: a move that renders the player´s group of stones whithout any
liberties and thus it leads to it getting eaten on the same turn. The exeption
to this rule is a move that eats enemy stones and then leaves extra space for
the group to stay un-eaten.x

Things to do:
#-Write the stone group get_freedom_level() method
#-Modify the detectStones() function to help the purpose
#-There may be a scope problem on the stone creation
-Lists seem to get overwritten
-Test until it works
